Why are you the only one in late autumn?
I ask you, our late autumn family
I don't know.
Really? Where are you going?
So what's going on?
The Su family is finished
If you want to save Late Autumn
You go get the product.
You hurry up
Even if my grandfather is guilty
He has received his due punishment.
The Patriarch Group is his life's work
We don't want it anymore.
We don't want this land in Nanshengping either.
Is that all right?
I also thought that taking back the subway to Nanshengping
improve
Every time I see him, Su Zhenguo
While living well
I am for my sister
Because I was abandoned by him
And was met with cold eyes and burning intent from everyone
Life is hard
And they had a daughter.
I really feel bad for my sister.
What do you want?
Simple I want her to die
Who dares to touch him?